You talked about debugging observables,
but what about writing code to test them?
>> Testing them, yeah.
Well, so I don't think testing an
observable is really any harder than any
other asynchronous testing.
Honestly, I think it's a little easier,
because observable outputs values,
it's not just some callback
that does some stuff.
So you can always test observables,
actually, if you wanna test observables
take a look at the RxJs unit test code.
Because in fact, it actually uses strings,
this convention of dot-dot-dot,
it actually uses dash-dash-dash.
But it actually creates
a bunch of strings,
to represent observables, and
then a string to represent their output.
And that's how they unit
test their observables.
So you can steal the same idea.
I think it's exceptionally
easy to unit test and
you got a framework like that,
but great question.
All right, thanks a lot.
This has been great.
>> [APPLAUSE]